Tracking scenarios updated doc (#501)
snowplow/documentation: docs/understanding-tracking-design/introduction-to-tracking-design/index.md

- What decisions you make based on those events
- What you need to know about those events to make those decisions

This is where creating a **Tracking Plan** comes into play. It is a comprehensive document that adds a semantic layer to the events your business is interested in tracking. For each event, it defines:

- A description of the event, often illustrated with screenshots.
- The data that is captured with the event, and its structure.
- The origin of the data, i.e. what platforms or apps this data is created by.
- Other relevant information.

:::info

> Please see [**Tracking Plan**](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/tracking-plans/index.md) for more information on how you can create one with Snowplow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowplow BDP Enterprise customers can create tracking plans directly in Snowplow instead of using an external document. See [Creating tracking plans](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/tracking-plans/index.md) for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: Done
